hi everyone I'm rock and give them the
welcome this new profile 43
opportunities let's see how they can
activate the gates of the map called
dragon fused obviously from tlc's
tram I like this I do it for all
people who are looking to complete the
mission called jumps into the water that you
serves to unlock the weapon or the
pistol call only 6 or also for
the people who are trying to
get the achievement another game called
fighter callegher then what
we have to do is obviously play
a game on the map called now with
a video but they have to play a
big conquest game to be able
activate those floodgates since if they play
another a new game as a network of
links or domination or assault because no
It will work for us because it is not going to
let activate the floodgates the only thing
what they have to do is take any
vehicle or just get there walking
let's get here until that
sector and right now we're going
to give the map simply what we have
what to do is go up and in the part of
above we will find a console where
we can activate the floodgates here
this dragon map sunk as they are given
account then that I will show you in
the map simply have to arrive
until this location is quite
simple
in the console on the left
where are these screens we can
activate the floodgates of the map
pressing this button
then it's quite easy on a computer
for it is the key to buses
button x 5 and a play station is with the
square button doing this that we
we can realize that what happens is
that begins to enter something to this
sector where the objective is and what
we want to flood all that sector and already
when we try to enter the dragon a
video that is this restaurant that is
because the front because we will have
than doing it swimming then it's like that
easy the truth has nothing complicated
activate the bus doors
just know where they are
the floodgates is pretty simple
so I hope you liked the
video if it was that well we left a
like favorites as an entity that seems to them
this to activate the floodgates
again do not forget to subscribe to
channel if you have not done it yet
so I hope you can activate the
floodgates will surely get the
achievement of the trophy or soon in arms and
is what they are looking for and we
we see until the next
but no